[Modules] Format the metadata.json and aligned the Name and Description for all Modules and Updated Readme (#3309)
Azure/ResourceModules: modules/db-for-my-sql/flexible-servers/firewall-rules/README.md

# DBforMySQL Flexible Server Firewall Rules `[Microsoft.DBforMySQL/flexibleServers/firewallRules]`

> This module deploys a DBforMySQL Flexible Server FirewallRule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module deploys a DBforMySQL Flexible Server Firewall Rule.
```
